README.md, before:

# PROJECT1-SEC-2-MhooJuum
## 🧑‍🧑‍🧒‍🧒 Members
| Student No. | Name | Task | Resposensibility |
| - | - | -| -|
| 66130500068 | ภรพล จงสกุล | Function clickObject, setCountdownCombo, circleCountdown, clickMiss, nextCharacter, prevCharacter | 25% |
| 66130500076 | วรินภร กิรติภัทรธนากร | Game Design, UI Game Page, Function changePage, toggleModal, updateHighScore, playSoundEffect | 25% |
| 66130500104 | ภีมวัศ ช่วยดู | UI, Function randomPosition, resetGame, selectCharacter | 25% |
| 66130500123 | ภูรินท์ สุวรรณรัตน์ | UI Home Page, Function countDown, gameStart, gameCountdown | 25% |

# 🐷🥘 MhooJuum Game
The MhooJuum project is a game developed using Vue.js, where players must hit appearing objects within a time limit to earn points. The game consists of several holes where moles randomly pop up, and players must react quickly to hit them by clicking on them before they disappear, and try to avoid clicking on the bomb.

# 🐟 Features
## 🦁 Home Page
- Play Button
- Select Character
- How To Play
## 🔫 Game Page
- Timer
  - A countdown that limits the game duration. Players must score as many points as possible before time runs out.
- Combo
  - Hitting multiple moles in a row without missing increases the combo multiplier, boosting the score.
- Life Point
  - A system where players have a limited number of lives. Hitting the wrong character decreases the life points, and the game ends when they reach zero.
- Random Position of Characters
  - Characters pop up randomly from different holes.
- Sound Effect
  - Audio feedback for actions like hitting a character and missing.
- Mute Button
  - A toggle that allows players to turn game sounds on or off.
- High Score
  - A record of the best scores achieved, allowing players to track their highest performance.
- Back Button
  - Allows players to return to the home page and reset the game.
# 🐄 Demo
[Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jo7-cslu9WpPaFx913g9-jBjavebchPC/view?usp=drive_link)

Commit message:

076 - [update] game rules in README.md

README.md, after:

# PROJECT1-SEC-2-MhooJuum
## 🧑‍🧑‍🧒‍🧒 Members
| Student No. | Name | Task | Resposensibility |
| - | - | -| -|
| 66130500068 | ภรพล จงสกุล | Function clickObject, setCountdownCombo, circleCountdown, clickMiss, nextCharacter, prevCharacter | 25% |
| 66130500076 | วรินภร กิรติภัทรธนากร | Game Design, UI Game Page, Function changePage, toggleModal, updateHighScore, playSoundEffect | 25% |
| 66130500104 | ภีมวัศ ช่วยดู | UI, Function randomPosition, resetGame, selectCharacter | 25% |
| 66130500123 | ภูรินท์ สุวรรณรัตน์ | UI Home Page, Function countDown, gameStart, gameCountdown | 25% |

# 🐷🥘 MhooJuum Game
The MhooJuum project is a game developed using Vue.js, where players must hit appearing objects within a time limit to earn points. The game consists of several holes where moles randomly pop up, and players must react quickly to hit them by clicking on them before they disappear, and try to avoid clicking on the bomb.

# 🎪 Game Rules
## Mole Character 🦫
- Click on the mole to earn points.
- Avoid clicking on bombs—clicking them will reduce points or time.
## Mouse Character 🐭
- Click on the mouse to earn points.
- Avoid clicking on the cat—clicking it will reduce points or time.
## MhooJuum Character 🥓
- Click on the boiled pork to earn points.
- Avoid clicking on the raw pork—clicking it will reduce points or time.

# 🐟 Features
## 🦁 Home Page
- Play Button
- Select Character
- How To Play
## 🔫 Game Page
- Timer
  - A countdown that limits the game duration. Players must score as many points as possible before time runs out.
- Combo
  - Hitting multiple moles in a row without missing increases the combo multiplier, boosting the score.
- Life Point
  - A system where players have a limited number of lives. Hitting the wrong character decreases the life points, and the game ends when they reach zero.
- Random Position of Characters
  - Characters pop up randomly from different holes.
- Sound Effect
  - Audio feedback for actions like hitting a character and missing.
- Mute Button
  - A toggle that allows players to turn game sounds on or off.
- High Score
  - A record of the best scores achieved, allowing players to track their highest performance.
- Back Button
  - Allows players to return to the home page and reset the game.


# 🐄 Demo
[Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jo7-cslu9WpPaFx913g9-jBjavebchPC/view?usp=drive_link)
